Policy Stores & Deployments (#24)
cerbos/cloud-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

== Prerequisites

> * A GitHub repository that contains your Cerbos policies and, optionally, tests. It can be private. If you are starting from scratch, use https://github.com/cerbos/example-cerbos-policy-repository as a template.

Reviewer: I think this should be split up into two getting-started sections. One for those who have a GitHub repo and another for those who just have some policies that they could upload to Hub.

* Cerbos version 0.46.0 or higher.

* Outbound internet access from your Cerbos instances so that they can connect to Cerbos Hub to fetch bundle updates and, if enabled, upload audit logs.

== Create a Policy Store and connect your Git repository

. Sign in to Cerbos Hub at https://hub.cerbos.cloud and follow the on-boarding wizard to create an Organization and its first Workspace.
. Inside the Workspace, select **Policy Stores** then **New Store**.
. Give the Store a clear name, for example `orders-service`, choose **GitHub repository** as the source and connect to your GitHub account.
. Pick the branch you want Hub to track, usually `main`, and save. Cerbos Hub immediately ingests the repository, compiles the policies, and shows the first successful build.

TIP: You can create additional Stores for other branches, teams or projects.

== Create a Deployment

> Deployments package one or more Policy Stores into a single, versioned bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployments package policies from one or more policy stores into versioned bundles that are automatically distributed to connected Cerbos PDPs.
```

. Open **Deployments** then click **New Deployment**.
. Select the Store you just created.

> . Click **Create**. Hub starts the initial build. When it finishes, note the Deployment ID shown on the detail page - something like `C0TLEV4XCTAZ`. You will use this ID when configuring the PDP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click **Create**. Hub starts the initial build. When it finishes, note the Deployment ID shown on the detail page. You will need this ID to configure the PDP.
```
